Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ The One. The One. The One...
Say... ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ The One. The One. The One...
Say... ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ Even the Devil bowed and fled.
His arrogance torn and ripped to shreds ♪
♪ For He is the Ancient Ancestor.
The eternal. watchful protector ♪
♪ One who stands tall and mighty.
upon the eighteenth step. O Karuppa ♪
Lord Karuppa!
♪ Behold. Karuppan arrives ♪
♪ The fierce Karuppan emerges ♪
♪ Lord Karuppa. manifest thy power ♪
♪ Bestow Thy presence upon us ♪
What is it. Dad?
Err... Nothing.
Why has the train stopped?
It's been halted for 10 minutes.
I have no idea where we are!
Didn't you get any sleep. dear?
-I woke up a little while ago.
-Alright!
Does your phone have charge?
Yeah. for now.
If you keep staring at it.
the battery will die.
What's your problem?
See. it has charge.
You're always fussing over
one thing or another!
Check today's gold rate.
That will drain the battery for sure.
Oh. really?
Sir. which station is this?
This is Basin Bridge signal. sir.
The train will halt here
for 45 minutes.
-Where are you headed?
-Choolaimedu.
Then you might as well get off here.
See. there's an auto waiting.
You'll be there in no time.
Oh. the auto is right here.
Dear. let's get off here. Thank you. sir.
Get off here?
Hurry up!
Coming!
-Watch your step. Dad.
-Okay.
Sir. will you take us
to Choolaimedu?
Sure. sir.
Where in Choolaimedu?
We need to go to A.K. Lodge.
It'll be 800 rupees.
For 800 rupees. I could
go to Kerala and come back!
Then why don't you go back
to Kerala. sir?
Isn't that a bit much?
Just cross-check it on your phone.
Check if this is correct.
-This auto won't come. sir. Go now.
-Okay. let's go.
-Hey. don't go. I'll give you money.
-Hey! Hey!
Hey!
-Hey! Shut up!
-Dad! Dad!
-Don't scream!
-Let go!
-Hand over the chain!
-Don't hurt her!
Get that knife away!
Dad!
Let go of her!
-Sir. please! Let us go!
-Let us go!
Let go of the bag.
-Don't take my bag!
-Dude. run!
Give me my bag!
My bag!
Dad! Dad!!
Please... give me my bag.
Please give me my bag!
Please. don't take it...
There is nothing of value in it!
Your story doesn't quite add up.
You claim this is your
first time in Chennai.
yet you chose to get off
at Basin Bridge?
Shouldn't you have gotten off
at Central Station?
There's no need to be afraid.
Tell me the truth.
Who is this man?
Is he really your father?
Or did he force you
to come with him?
How can you say such
a thing. Madam?
-She's my daughter!
-Hey! I'm talking to her. aren't I?
You keep your mouth shut!
Madam. this is very wrong.
We came here to report
our bag being stolen.
And you're harassing us instead?
I'm recording this and
posting it on Instagram.
Hey. put that phone away!
Put it down!
Madam. put it away.
Please. put it away.
Look at yourself. look at that dress.
Is that what you wear on a train?
Couldn't you find
anything shorter?
You should be grateful
it was only your jewellery you lost.
You people are careless.
and we're the ones who suffer for it!
Madam... please...
Please. just find
our jewellery somehow.
-Kumaran sir.
-Madam.
Chains. earrings.
the whole lot...
Get the weight in grams
and put it in writing.
How many grams?
Not grams. sovereigns!
-Sovereigns?
-Yes!
How many?
Err... sixty!
Sixty sovereigns.
Hey!
Who carries this much gold
on a train?
Have you no sense at all?
I thought I'd get a better price
if I sold it at the current rate.
By selling it for more.
are you planning to buy a house
near Dhanush's in Poes Garden?
Your daughter has
had a liver failure.
Her condition has worsened
since her last visit.
The surgery needs to be
performed immediately.
Your liver matches hers.
But the transplant
is quite expensive.
It may cost around 25 to 30 lakhs.
Don't have the surgery done here.
Get it done in Chennai.
But the sooner. the better.
Once blood appears
in her vomit or stool.
surgery will be far more risky.
-Sir?
-Hey. Mammootty!
Why are you late?
We've picked up all the usual suspects
and given them a good thrashing.
Once you identify them.
we'll lock them up!
Sir!
We didn't do it. sir!
I swear!
The police are beating
the life out of us.
If you talk to them. they'll listen.
Please. tell them to let us go!
Akka!
I'm just a college student
like you. Akka!
Why would I rob anyone?
Look what they've done to me.
-It hurts. Akka!
-It really hurts!
Please believe us. sir.
It was not us!
I swear!
Yesterday. they were at
your feet. crying for mercy.
And they're the same guys
who pulled off a job like this.
Hey Mammootty! Guys like this
don't deserve any mercy.
I'm the one who managed
to wrap this up so fast.
So. send me a little
something on GPay.
Anyway. just sign here for now.
Sir. a coin necklace and
a gold chain are missing.
How can I sign
with items still missing?
Together. they weigh
fifteen sovereigns.
Sir. people spend ten years
trying to recover stolen gold.
Be grateful you got yours back
so quickly. Just sign. sir.
What's up. Chetta?
Happy now?
Got all your gold back?
How can I be happy. Madam?
My coin necklace and chain
are still missing.
-Without them...
-I'll slap you. old man.
You think thieves just keep
your gold safe and return it?
They took it to Mahabalipuram
that very night and blew the lot!
Tell me. you guys had a
great time. didn't you?
Look at them nodding away.
What now?
Do you want the gold or not?
-Put it back in the locker. sir.
-Okay. Madam.
No. Madam! Please. don't.
I'll sign the papers.
Then sign and get going.
He thinks they'll just hand it over
the moment he asks!
I warned you.
but you wouldn't listen.
I'll take this with me then.
Hey. put that down.
Put it down.
Put it down. sir.
We aren't authorised
to hand this over here.
Why is that. sir?
You'll have to claim it
through the court.
-What for?
-Yes. sir.
That's the standard procedure.
You must file a "Return of Property"
petition in court
to get your stolen items back.
Why go to court for gold
that's already been found?
Sir. if we hand it over today.
and you claim tomorrow that
you never got it. we'll be screwed.
It's a simple matter. sir.
Hire a solid lawyer
and you'll have it in no time.
I'll help you.
Here you go.
He's a top-tier lawyer.
Tell them Kumaran sir from the station
gave you the lead.
♪ Our flag across the town shall soar.
While sparks and crackers loudly roar ♪
♪ Red-carpet entry for the native son.
With his gang behind him. second to none ♪
Please. sir!
Look at the time. it's 10:30.
Get moving. get moving.
That's it.
Go! Go!
None of you ever show up on time.
Get going!
-43
-Hey. Bench.
Hey! Have you ever shown up
on time even once?
You think being on Baby Kannan's team
gives you a free pass?
Baby Sir is right here.
You want to say that to his face?
Alright. hand it over.
Don't say a word to him. Go!
Be seated.
What's with the flowers
and the silk saree?
Are you here for a wedding?
Have you even
seen your own face?
CC 2943
Sankaran. Sakunthala...
versus Stone Brothers.
Preethi. you can proceed.
What's your prayer. Preethi?
My Lord...
My clients. Mr. and Mrs. Sankaran.
leased their property
to these four individuals in 2007.
Operating as G.D. Biscuit Factory.
long after their lease expired.
they have continued to occupy
and run the premises.
In response. my clients
filed an eviction suit.
To cover their tracks.
they've filed this bogus case
claiming my clients attacked them.
Is there any evidence?
I need to examine the Investigating Officer
of this case. Mr. Damodaran.
Proceed.
-You were the IO for this case. right?
-Yes. Madam.
Did you personally inspect
the crime scene?
Yes. Madam.
It was my duty to be there.
What did you see there?
Those four men... They were
writhing in pain from the beating.
I see. And what else?
The factory was a mess.
Anything else?
There were crushed biscuits
scattered everywhere. Ma'am.
Oh. Those crushed biscuits…
Were they butter biscuits?
Or coconut biscuits?
What is this. Madam?
Silence.
What sort of question is that?
No. My Lord. For this case.
that detail is crucial.
He himself said he visited the scene
and handled the investigation.
If he had really gone there…
he should have collected
all the physical evidence.
including broken bottles and biscuits.
and produced it before this
court along with the seizure record.
But no such evidence
was ever produced.
which means he never went there.
Don't you know you have
to produce a seizure record?
And you call yourself a cop?
Any cross-questions?
Baby Kannan!
No questions. My Lord.
Witness dismissed.
I need to cross-examine the complainants.
Mr. Stone and his brothers. My Lord.
Proceed.
-Your names?
-Stone.
-Cold.
-Steve.
Austin.
We're big fans of WWE.
That's why we got our names
legally changed.
What happened to your hand?
The medical report has already
been submitted for that…
I was asking him.
What happened to your hand?
The doctor said I had three coracoid
fractures from the beating. Madam.
Can you raise your arm?
No. Madam.
If you force yourself.
how high can you raise it?
If I lift it any further.
the pain will kill me. Madam.
Before this happened.
what was your arm like?
It was perfectly normal. Madam.
So you could raise it
properly then?
Yes. Madam.
How high could you raise it?
This high… all the way
up like this. Madam.
That's enough.
Superb!
Silence.
So. this is clearly
a put-up case.
That's all. My Lord.
Baby Kannan. any cross?
♪ This is our territory. if our fury takes
flight. You will meet your grave tonight ♪
♪ Non-stop blows if caught in our track.
We are built different. watch your back ♪
Baby Kannan. any closing arguments.
or shall I issue the order?
I have submitted all my arguments
in a written statement
to you and the opposing counsel.
My Lord.
The key points are
on page five. My Lord.
Interesting point.
But that's not enough.
Any other points?
Kindly refer to page seven. My Lord.
I repeat. page number seven.
But My Lord. there's nothing here!
Your time is up. Preethi.
Let him finish his argument.
Baby Kannan. any more points?
Oh no! Lordship!
That's all. I've already submitted
everything I have.
So. based on the facts
and the evidence produced.
I pray that justice be rendered
to my aggrieved clients.
That's all. My Lord.
Mr. and Mrs. Sankaran.
you damaged the property
of Golden Dust Biscuit Factory.
Furthermore. the company's proprietors...
Cold. Stone. Steve. and Austin…
It has been officially proven that you
viciously attacked these four people.
The accused ought
to be remanded.
However. given their age. I am granting
bail on a personal bond of one lakh.
Henceforth. without
the court's permission.
they are barred from
entering the factory premises.
You have one month
to appeal this verdict.
My Lord. there are no valid points
in his written statement.
No evidence has been submitted.
-Then how?
-Is my order wrong?
Are you going to teach me
how to run this court?
I proved it right before your eyes!
Then why not challenge
it in appeal?
That's what the High Court is for.
So what. My Lord?
How is this accep...
One more word from you...
and I'll hold you in contempt.
Court is adjourned for a break.
Yaay!
Baby sir. let's celebrate
this victory with a party!
"How high can you
raise your hand?"
When he said. "This high."
I was startled for a second.
Right from our college days.
you've always argued brilliantly.
But the order never goes your way.
How long will you keep
buying your way through?
Know what your problem is?
You argue your heart out in open court.
and when everyone claps.
you start thinking
you're some big-shot lawyer.
But a smart lawyer knows that
more than the argument. what matters...
is knowing the judge
who's writing the verdict.
How long do you plan
to keep going like this?
One day. this place
is bound to change.
And then we'll see
who survives here.
This is my place.
My court.
Nothing is going to change.
Even if God himself shows up.
he can't change a thing.
And I won't let Him!
Ah. Vasanthi Madam.
We're near the temple
inside the court compound.
The hearing isn't today.
but they're asking for the fee.
They must be in real need.
Sir.
What temple is that?
This God is incredibly powerful.
He draws no line between
rich and poor. caste and creed.
He belongs to everyone.
Even the problems
the court can't solve...
He will solve them at once.
Every territory
has its guardian.
He is the guardian deity
of this territory.
He is not the soft kind of God
you please with a little camphor flame.
Pray from your heart.
grind chillies and offer them.
and this fierce God
will deliver instant justice.
The lord of the hunt.
Vettai Karuppu!
♪ Karuppa ♪
Case passed on to
next month 17th.
-Thank you. Your Honour.
-Next!
Why are you taking up
return of property cases?
Baby sir. it's 45 sovereigns.
He's not from our state.
He doesn't know the ropes.
What if we charge
10K per hearing?
Return of Property.
Matt an cherry Sukumaran.
Lordship. the gold stolen
from my client...
No one from the police station
has appeared. Your Honour.
The case is posted to
the second of next month.
Lordship...
My client is an elderly man.
he's not keeping well.
An earlier date
would really help.
Not me!
It's my daughter who's unwell.
Is the 21st of this month okay?
21st is okay. My Lord.
Next?
CC 4345.
Deva versus Simon.
-Hey. Raja.
-Sir?
Two biryanis and two meatball sets.
Pack them to go.
-Okay. sir.
-Make sure there's a leg piece.
Pack one extra biryani
to go as well.
Just give the total bill
to that girl.
Okay. Madam.
Why are you eating dosa?
The biryani here is incredible.
Yeah. I can see that.
I don't want any.
-Baby Sir. what are you doing here?
-Hey. Meiyappan!
I thought you only ate at five-star
hotels. And you're eating here?
Client!
This man's a legend in the
High Court and the Supreme Court.
You're lucky
he's appeared in this court.
That Biscuit Factory case of yours…
To this day. I use that as a
masterclass for my juniors.
Hats off. sir!
Which master's class. sir?
Idiot…
He said masterclass. not master's class.
Hey. 'Ghost'!
I've ordered some food to go.
Collect it
and keep it in the car.
Yes. sir.
-Madam.
-Yes?
You said everything
would be over today.
Sir. we had everything ready.
We even went to the station
and spoke to them yesterday.
Sir. we did speak to them.
didn't we?
Until I say so. don't come
anywhere near the court.
The girl isn't well. Madam.
Well. who exactly
is in perfect health?
We begged them to come.
Binu?
Have you transferred the fee yet?
No.
Could you please do it now?
Okay.
I will.
Sir. at the station.
the police told us
the coin necklace
and chain were missing.
Now the matter is being delayed
in court too.
It's starting to scare me.
I don't get you.
A coin necklace...
At the station. they said only
45 sovereigns were recovered.
out of the 60 sovereigns
that were stolen.
You should've told me
this first!
Huh?
Call the station.
Never trust a cop. sir.
Trust anyone but a cop.
Kumaran Anna...
-Yes. Baby sir?
-Get Inspector Jana on the line.
He's not here now. sir.
A new lady officer is in charge.
I don't care who it is.
Get her on the line. brother!
-Madam...
-Who is it?
-He's on the line. Madam. Speak.
-Hello!
-Madam!
I'm an advocate calling
from the Seven Wells Court.
regarding the father-daughter
jewellery theft case.
Out of the 60 sovereigns.
15 were never accounted for. Is that right?
Whatever is in the FIR is final.
And I am under no obligation
to explain anything to you.
Ma'am. the FIR itself shows
15 sovereigns less...
Who the hell are you.
first of all?
Whoever you are.
come here in person and talk.
Where's Gowri?
Hey! Hey!
I got here first!
Hey! Shut your mouth!
Hello!
Thanga Meena! Thanga Meena!
Thanga Meena. the gold thief!
Sir. you need to see this
to know what we're dealing with.
-Don't keep pushing us.
-Okay. sir.
Hey! What's the issue?
What the hell is going on here?
Madam got into an argument with
a lawyer from Seven Wells court.
-Where is Madam?
-She's inside. sir.
Hello! Why are all of you
gathered here?
According to the rules. I'm not
allowed to speak to the media.
The rules also say you shouldn't
take bribes. But you do. right?
When it comes to bribes.
they say your station is ranked first
in all of Tamil Nadu.
Go say that to K3 station.
They're the ones claiming
they're number one.
Word is. Silverwoods is giving you
a Silver Icon Award for corruption?
Who is it they don't
give awards to?
Just because you're the press.
you think you can ask anything?
Who told you to do all this?
Thanga Meena! Thanga Meena!
What do you want. sir?
You recovered 60 sovereigns.
But the FIR shows only 45.
You think a thief would just
hand it back like that?
That same night. they took it...
And blew it. having a grand
time in Mahabalipuram.
Right. Kumaran Anna?
Correct. sir.
My team and I are the ones who trained your
station how to cook these FIRs. Madam.
-Kumaran Anna.
-Sir.
-The gold is in the cupboard. right?
-Yes.
Go get it. Anna.
Go ahead. Anna.
Madam won't say a word.
Okay. Madam.
Please. just take your
people and go. sir.
Oh. I'll leave. Madam.
My client will be happy
once the gold is returned.
-But my team is still outside!
-So what?
You should have shown
some respect over the phone.
Look! They've taken control
of your entire station.
Trigger them. and they'll be
protesting at Marina Beach next!
-Kumaran sir.
-Madam.
Bring the money from the spa.
That too?
Okay. Madam.
Please. just take everyone
and leave. sir. Please.
Here you go. sir.
Okay. Madam.
I'll give you my card.
Call me.
We'll stay in touch.
He's a top-tier advocate. Madam.
Tell them Kumaran sir from the station
gave you the lead.
Oops. sorry. Madam.
Just slipped out… force of habit.
Thanga Meena. Thanga Meena!
Gold Thief. Thanga Meena!
-Sir.
-Yes?
The police didn't take it. sir.
Those boys already sold it off.
But the Commissioner's office
kept calling her over and over.
She was frightened.
Since she couldn't recover the gold.
she suggested a compromise.
This is the bribe
she collected from a spa.
She begged me. "Please take this
and sort this somehow."
Now. as an honest lawyer.
I'm not supposed to touch this money.
But if it's for the good of my client...
I can take it. can't I. sir?
Huh? Isn't that my duty?
So. I took it. sir.
Not for myself. but for you.
I've done whatever
little I could.
Thanga Meena. Thanga Meena!
Gold Thief. Thanga Meena!
I was just telling Binu...
So many people went out of their way
to come here for us.
Shouldn't we do something
in return?
We really should.
But for an honest lawyer...
What has this society
ever actually given back?
Nothing but a life of poverty.
What if we just hand this money
out to everyone?
Hmm?
It's not even ours
to begin with. right?
-It's bribe money.
-Hmm.
So? Is it okay with you?
Are you okay with it. dear?
Give it to them.
-Sir.
-Yes?
For a man with a heart
as big as yours…
Everything is bound to turn out well.
God will protect
a good man like you.
♪ La justice n'est pa la ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
The appraiser hasn't arrived. My Lord.
Case passed on to next month 15th.
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ The world has sunk
in endless night ♪
♪ A hundred vultures
crowd the sky in flight ♪
♪ The blindfolded eyes.
where have they fled? ♪
♪ Ears are sealed shut.
the truth is left dead ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
Wait. the stairs
won't hold the weight.
You would've seen weight limits
for elevators. right?
Well. in our court.
we have them for the stairs. too.
If more than ten people go up.
the whole thing will collapse.
♪ Justice? Honesty?
Out of the way! ♪
♪ For every need.
Cash is the God that saves the day ♪
Are you waiting for it to fall
on my head and kill me before you fix it?
Go. man! Just go check it!
"Isn't one hand enough. Sivagami?"
He's our court's very own Nasser
from Baahubali.
It's a crumbling old building.
Touch anything
and it could fall apart at any time.
And anything here
could explode at any moment!
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ Slowly. the heart starts to break.
And the rage within starts to wake ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ Between flickering eyes.
A conspiracy hides in disguise ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ The very standard is stained.
The very source of life is drained ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ They called this poverty a boon.
And it came true too soon ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ The world has sunk
in endless night ♪
♪ A hundred vultures
crowd the sky in flight ♪
♪ The blindfolded eyes.
where have they fled? ♪
♪ Ears are sealed shut.
the truth is left dead ♪
♪ O you masters.
you mighty lords ♪
♪ End this cheating.
end your frauds ♪
♪ Enough with it.
will you just leave? ♪
♪ You'll live so well…
while we grieve ♪
♪ O you masters.
you mighty lords ♪
♪ End this cheating.
end your frauds ♪
♪ Enough with it.
will you just leave? ♪
♪ You'll live so well…
while we grieve ♪
♪ Slowly. the heart starts to break.
And the rage within starts to wake ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ Between flickering eyes.
A conspiracy hides in disguise ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ The very standard is stained.
The very source of life is drained ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ They called this poverty a boon.
And it came true too soon ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ Justice? Honesty?
Out of the way! ♪
Case passed on to this month 12th.
♪ For every need.
Cash is the God that saves the day ♪
Case passed on to this month 25th.
♪ Justice? Honesty?
Out of the way! ♪
♪ For every need.
Cash is the God that saves the day ♪
Case passed on to next month 10th.
♪ La justice n'est pa la ♪
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
G-Pay!
Biryani!
♪ A toute a I'heure ♪
♪ La justice n'est pa la ♪
Baby sir said that
we'll get our gold tomorrow.
We'll collect it from the court.
go straight to the hospital.
then it's observation.
with the surgery the day after.
Do you know that Mohanlal and
Dulquer Salmaan have houses in Chennai?
Shall we go and see them?
Once the surgery is over
and we're discharged...
we'll go see their houses
before heading back.
Check what the gold price is today.
-Just check it!
-Dad!!
We're never getting our gold back!
Don't you get it?
They're scamming us!
If they actually recover the gold.
they can't keep milking us for money.
All they care about is G-Pay!
Look. Dad!
Look!!!
Biryani! Biryani!
Ice cream. Cigarettes. Beeda.
The list is endless!
I can't stand seeing you
humiliate yourself for them anymore.
Let's just go home.
I can't bear to see you like this.
I'm done!
I can't deal with these people anymore!
-Let's go.
-Cry!
Cry!
Cry your heart out if you have to.
But I'm not going to cry.
I just know it!
We're getting our gold tomorrow.
Then we head straight to the hospital.
And the surgery will be a success.
I'm certain of it!
That's why!
Do you know how
I can be so sure?
Ask me!
-Ask me!
-How?
Look me in the eye and ask me!
Ask me how. dear!
How?
"Once I've made a decision...
I don't even listen to myself!"
Get it?
Remember that?
It's from 'Pokkiri'!
Your favourite actor
Vijay's movie!
Now lie down and get some sleep.
Lie down!
You don't have to come tomorrow.
I'll go to court and get it myself. okay?
Return of Property.
Matt an cherry Sukumaran.
Lordship. all the documents
have been produced today.
The officer is also present in court.
Hey! Where were you all this while?
You didn't show up even once.
Sir. I was away
investigating a case.
As if you're Sherlock Holmes
out there solving some grand mystery!
-Have you filed the report?
-I have. sir.
-Appraiser?
-Greetings. sir.
How is everyone actually here today?
It's a miracle.
At this rate. it might
actually rain today!
Did you check it?
Yes. sir.
I am submitting it now.
Sir!
The court is adjourned.
His Lordship is leaving
on an emergency.
All the cases listed today
will be posted to another date.
Sir. please! Give me my
jewellery before you go.
Where are you going now. sir?
Everyone is actually here today. sir!
Sir. go wherever you need to.
but please give me my gold first.
I've been running from pillar to post
for four months. sir!
The gold is right in front of you!
Just give it to me before you leave.
-Sir. I promised my daughter.
-Please don't shout. sir.
I have to give it to her today.
How can you just walk away like this?
Just get my gold and give it to me!
You can't shout in court like this.
You'll only provoke the judge!
Hey. tell Baby Kannan
to come to my chamber!
We got it back from the thieves.
but I can't get it back from them!
-I need my gold. Get it for me. sir!
-Chetta. come!
Sir. how can you shout
like that in court?
He let you off only because
you're Baby sir's client.
Anyone else would have been
thrown in a cell by now!
A judge may leave
for a hundred different reasons.
It could be a dying declaration
or a family emergency...
He doesn't owe you
an explanation for everything!
A judge is like God.
Don't question them.
Just fold your hands and pray!
Have you lost your mind?
You think you're some big shot?
Is that how you talk to a judge?
This might be
the only case you have.
But I deal with a thousand like it
every single day!
And you won't settle a single one
of those thousand cases. sir!
You're too busy begging for G-Pay
and stuffing your face with biryani!
-I'll find some other good...
-How dare you point fingers at him!
The judge called me to his chamber
and gave me an earful.
Lunatic!
Let's see who helps you
get your gold back now!
Sir!
Here. have this. sir.
I'm just like you. sir.
I too came here to fight a case once.
Hard to believe. isn't it?
That was thirty years ago.
When I came here.
I was your daughter's age.
My entire family
was killed in an accident.
Claiming that I had died with them.
our local legislator...
issued a death certificate
and usurped all my property.
"No. I didn't die."
"I'm still alive."
I came here to fight a case
just to prove that. sir.
Until these people
bled me dry of my last penny...
I fought that case.
For seventeen years!
After that. I couldn't go on.
No money... and no one to turn to.
Since then. I just do
whatever odd jobs they give me.
I take whatever
little money they throw my way.
I wear their old. discarded clothes...
and have grown used
to staying here.
I can't go out
and find work anywhere else.
Because on paper... I'm dead.
That's why they call me “Ghost.”
That's my name now. sir.
It's been so long.
I've even forgotten my real name.
People think that if they come to court.
punishment will be handed out.
But coming to court
is a punishment in itself. sir.
Have it. sir.
You need a lot of strength
to fight a case here.
Please eat.
This God is incredibly powerful. sir.
Even the problems
the court cannot solve...
He will solve them at once.
Pray from your heart.
grind chillies and offer them.
and this fierce God
will deliver instant justice.
Let's see who helps you
get your gold back now!
♪ Lord Karuppa. manifest thy power ♪
Lord Karuppa!
Baby sir. I promised to throw a party
if we win the case. didn't I?
Bro. pop this!
-You'll see God Himself!
-Hey. one is enough!
♪ We are four. standing tall.
With no fear of the fall ♪
♪ This ring is our spider web. our snare.
You'll find no escape in there ♪
♪ No matter who the referee may be.
The rules will remain a mystery ♪
♪ Bring your backup. bring your crew.
This fight won't end until we're through ♪
♪ We are four. standing tall ♪
♪ This ring is our spider web ♪
♪ No matter who the referee may be ♪
Baby sir. no one can beat you!
You're the King!
Hey!
Go check. man!
What's happening?
♪ This is God mode ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
Blast!
Wow!
♪ This is God mode ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
Man. what a pill!
The high isn't
slowing down at all!
It's only just hitting the peak!
Which player are you?
The Great Khali?
Silent type. huh?
Fine. I'm out of here.
My name is Karuppu!
Vettai Karuppu!
Oh. is that so?
Then I'm Shivan...
Vignesh Shivan.
♪ Rathamaaran Mothamaaran ♪
♪ Vetrimaaran Vettai Karuppa! ♪
Oh no! Ghosts!
Oh God! Let go of me!
Wait! I didn't mean it
literally. God!
Oh! God! Saamy!
Lord Vettai Karuppu Saamy!
Why have You appeared before me?
Today is the day
you pay for your sins.
What did I even do wrong?
Do you really want to see?
O Lord! Forgive me. Lord.
It was just a tiny mistake!
-Tiny?
-Okay. it's big! It's huge!
Just give me one more chance.
I'll fix everything
by tomorrow. I swear!
What you failed to do for months.
how will you do it in a day?
I only held it up all these months
on purpose. Lord!
That's the only way
I can keep taking fees.
That's how I can afford
a watch on my left and my right. right?
Money. Lord! Money!!!
But this is a trivial matter for me.
Return of property orders
can be obtained in a day.
I just need to grease a few palms.
The bench clerk is easy. A cycle for
his daughter should do the trick.
Next. police report.
Throw him 500 rupees.
and he'll show up right away.
Then there's the appraiser
to verify the gold.
Know an appraiser?
A bottle of liquor
will get you that report.
Once that's done. you head to the Judge.
but the assistant blocks your way.
-"You can't see him."
-Slip him 200. and you're in.
Then there's the Judge himself.
Keep him happy. and...
-"I'll issue the order immediately."
-The job will be done tomorrow itself.
You've got some nerve…
Telling me to my face
you'll buy your way out of this.
God. what do you expect?
Nothing works in our court
unless you grease the wheels.
If I don't set things up...
Hello!
You can say bribes are wrong
and corruption is a plague…
We're used to it. We actually like it.
It's our favourite addiction.
We have our own procedure!
Even if God himself shows up.
He can't change it!
Oh no. I didn't mean that!
Forgive me. God!
Oh no! I'm burning!
I will atone for that sin.
We can strike a deal!
I'll do everything You like!
I'll sacrifice a goat. serve porridge.
carry the Kavadi. I'll even host a festival!
I'll eat off the ground
and light a flour lamp.
I'll shave my head
and sing Your praises!
♪ Thunder rumbles
for Lord Karuppusaamy ♪
♪ The golden vessel gleams! ♪
I'll do whatever you want.
Let me go. Saamy! I'm burning!
It's a sin to punish me like this...
To take my life for no reason. God!
This injustice will haunt You forever!
You are the God of Justice...
how can You let justice fail?
What did you say?
You are the God of Justice...
how can You let justice fail?
Our court functions
exactly the way I told You!
Yet you're punishing me
without even knowing how things work!
You're God. aren't You?
The Almighty God of Justice!
Then come... step into our court!
If You can...
recover that girl's gold
through honest means.
then punish me however You like.
I'll accept my fate then.
Think You can do it?
Do You accept the challenge?
Does the God of Justice
actually have faith in justice?
If You do. then come prove it!
Please sign right here.
This is just a routine case for me.
Raja! Pack two mutton biryanis
and one meatball set.
Quick. quick.
-Have you signed?
-Ganesh sir. what are you doing here?
I thought you only ate
at five-star hotels.
This man's a legend in the
High Court and the Supreme Court.
That Limestone Canal case of yours…
I use it as a
masterclass for my juniors!
Superb. sir.
Okay. pay the bill.
including the take away.
They are all the same. Dad.
We can't trust a single one of them.
We don't have any other choice. dear.
We've got to trust someone.
Will you trust me?
If You have faith in justice. come!
Do You accept the challenge?
I'm coming!
I'm coming to your court!
The day I change
your court's procedures...
will be the day
you meet your end.
Come. Karuppu!
Many like you have stepped in here.
dreaming of changing the system.
Welcome.
Nice line. You think you're
Bharathiraja from Aayitha Ezhuthu?
Submit the petitions.
Bring it.
Give it. give it.
Hey. don't try this
shouting business with me!
Can't you raise your own son properly?
Hey. give it.
One by one...
Give them one by one. man!
Brother!
-Hey. brother.
-Yes?
Are you new here?
Yes!
Stand around like this
and you'll be standing here forever.
Come with your Akka.
Come with me.
Hey. move!
-The judge will be here now. Move!
-Sir! Sir! Sir!
-Please. sir.
-What?
-Give it.
-Go!
-Sir!
-What? Another petition?
-Please. sir. Just accept this one.
Go away. It's too late.
Come back tomorrow.
He's new to the court. sir.
We should be helping him out.
Ask him to come tomorrow.
He's my brother. sir.
Yes!
Done!
Be seated.
Return of property.
Matt an cherry Sukumaran.
By the way. who are you?
I've never seen you
in this court before!
My name is Saravanan.
From the Madurai Bench.
-My client Matt an cherry...
-Your Honourship. My Lord.
I am their lawyer.
I have the signed petition right here!
My Lord. Your Honour.
Look at this. My Lord.
I have the signed petition.
-I am their lawyer.
-What's going on here?
Three of you are appearing
for the same case?
Not three!
There are four of us
in total. Your Honor.
Selvi. you too?
Yes. Your Honour. Look. I have
the signed petition right here.
I am the rightful lawyer.
How can you just believe any
random person off the street. Your Honour?
Hey. whose phone is that?
Playing random songs!
Get out!
So. what exactly is your dispute?
I'm the one representing them.
-I know them personally.
-You know them?
They are my relatives. My Lord.
Madam. Madam. Madam!
Don't just make things up as you go!
Your Honour. I am their lawyer.
The signed petition is with me.
Do you just accept petitions from anyone?
Don't you check them?
-Sorry. sir.
-What do you mean. "sorry"?
Only one of these four petitions
better show up on my desk tomorrow.
Otherwise. I won't hear this case at all.
Am I clear?
Court is adjourned for a break.
Haven't we been your
lawyers all this time?
How is it fair to suddenly
bring in someone else. Madam?
You haven't appeared for
even a single hearing so far.
You haven't produced any
of the evidence I gave you in court.
Give me my case file.
-I will proceed with him for this case.
-Madam!
Is this some ordinary case?
It's a sexual assault case.
And that too.
against a former minister.
Do you have any idea
who you're up against?
Baby Kannan!
You've got only two options.
Either stick with us.
or withdraw the case entirely.
Are you threatening her?
I've seen this circus before.
Are you taking her money
just to do Baby Kannan's dirty work?
Are you new to the court. sir?
Yes.
Those three are
on the same team.
They pull this stunt
whenever someone new turns up.
One single complaint...
and you'll be barred
from practising law for life.
We aren't practising advocates.
Can't you lot do anything properly?
Look. there's blood
all over Madam's face.
They can't even do a simple job neatly.
Sorry. Madam.
Why are you shivering. sir?
With your car in that state.
how will you get home?
Should I have my boys
drop you off?
Hey!
Sir. the case file?
-No.
-What did you say?
A "double game"?
There's only one game being played here!
He wasn't taking your money
to work for me on the side.
He only came to fight your case
because I sent him!
And it took you this long
to figure that out.
It's nearly impossible
to fight a case in this court.
Look... the man himself is right here.
Just say the word.
and I'll get you a massive settlement.
Withdraw the case.
You think chasing
away one lawyer...
means there's no one
else left here?
There are a thousand
other lawyers here.
Give me the case file.
Those thousand lawyers
you mentioned are all here.
If even one of them
has the guts to touch this file...
let him fight the case.
Once a file is wrapped in that bandana.
no one will ever take it up.
What happened. Moorthy sir?
Not picking it up this time?
No. Baby sir.
The file is wrapped in the bandana.
They won't even dare to touch it.
Your case will never see
the inside of a courtroom.
Half those people
aren't even real lawyers.
They're Baby Kannan's
kangaroo court team.
This is exactly how they operate.
Do you know how many people
have been affected like this?
Go to those three.
give them ₹500 or ₹1000.
they'll withdraw their petitions.
They aren't nearly as dangerous
as these people.
Where can I find them now?
They'll be in the lawyers' chamber.
Hmmm.
Here he comes.
Madam! Looks like we've got
a big fish on the hook today!
Yeah!
Welcome. sir!
Madam. didn't I tell you
he'd come looking for us?
Please. withdraw your petitions.
-Withdraw?
-Sir!
You've landed yourself
a massive case.
45 sovereigns!
You'll be taking a huge percentage
as your fee anyway.
Why not give us a little share?
I don't take money.
And I won't be giving
you any. either!
Even gifts are fine by us. sir.
-What do you say. Madam?
-Of course.
If you withdraw
those petitions quickly...
it'll be better
for everyone involved.
Sir. are you threatening us?
Look at this... He walks into our court
and tries to threaten us!
What a joke!
What. sir?
We are rowdies first.
All this came after that.
Know your place
before you speak.
Madam. make your move.
Nothing is moving!
Very well.
-Binu.
-Huh?
Go wait with your father at the temple.
I'll meet you there.
My name is Saravanan.
But people know me
by another name as well.
Done.
I won't tell anyone.
I know!
Hello! Hello!
Hey. Baby Kannan!
You're going too far!
Should I just finish you off?
What did You do in there?
-Just "God things." bro!
-Bro! Bro!
What was our agreement?
We agreed You'd get them
justice the honest way. right?
And that means...
It's not just about
avoiding bribes...
You can't use your powers.
or reveal Your true identity!
I didn't tell a soul!
Promise me You won't use
Your powers again.
Get lost!
Hey! You're a God!
You used your powers!
What's an ordinary man
supposed to do?
Promise me.
What?
God?
Isn't that the whole challenge?
Are You scared?
No more using Your powers!
Here. if anyone
wants to win a case.
they grind chillies and smear them
on that deity's head.
Didn't you do it?
They've already ground enough
chillies on my head. right?
Should I really go and
do the same to Him?
I have a feeling He also
came here to fight a case...
and just ended up as a statue.
Hi!!
I'll come there.
What do you want?
So. God appears before me...
and asks me what boon I want?
-Yes!
-Fine… then here's what I want!
Ready!
This old court should be transformed into
a brand-new. posh. modern complex.
With AC. computers. escalators.
and every modern facility imaginable!
It should be as high-tech
as a Google or Apple office.
All 27.000 cases
that are dragging on now
should be wrapped up completely…
as if they never even existed!
As for those lawyers who live off lies...
From now on. they should stammer
the moment they try to lie in court...
and fail miserably!!
Chetta. the train has arrived!
-Cute!
-Hey. why are You leaving without a word?
Hello!
Hi!
Why are you with them?
I've got some work to do
where they're staying.
He knows our court inside out.
He's been there
for thirty years now.
If you need any more help.
you can always ask me too.
What. sir?
New to the court. huh?
Heard you caused
quite a stir in there today.
-Do you get angry easily. sir?
-Terrifyingly so.
Jump off while the train's still moving.
I'm saying this for your own good.
What. Preethi Madam?
You're hyping him up
way too much!
Just wait and see. Baldy!
Why are you sitting there
all stiff and tough?
-Gym body. huh?
-Sir. sir!
-Why create a scene here. sir…
-Hey!
Pick up those peanuts.
Pick them up!
What. sir?
Counting to ten in your head to stay calm?
Hey. I'm talking to you.
And you're fidgeting with a pen?
Peak...
mayhem...
loading!
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
♪ The death strike.
The sudden spike ♪
♪ The one who dared to glare at me.
Never opened his eyes again. for eternity ♪
Wreck them. Saamy!
♪ Wham. boom. kaboom! The blows fall.
Was my beating not enough for you all? ♪
♪ None I've struck
have survived the brawl ♪
♪ To harm a Lion. you'd dare to scheme?
No winner has lived to fulfil that dream ♪
Hey. what's with this guy?
He's just frozen like a statue.
And people were actually
scared of him?
Hey Baldy! Aren't you dead yet?
Wait. so there's no fight?
Baby Sir!
He's not worth our energy.
Total waste of time!
Sir. don't keep him here just because
he likes the room.
Finish the case and send him home. sir.
Poor man.
Binu. aren't you coming to eat?
No. I don't feel like it.
I'm not hungry.
Should I order from somewhere else?
There's a place right near the court.
The biryani there is superb!
-What?
-I know that place!
I've been there so many times.
In the last four months. I've spent
two lakhs on biryani from there.
And every single one was eaten
by your lawyers!
But we never had a single bite.
Do you know what I really wish for?
Once all this is finally over.
just once...
with my dad.
I just want to sit there
and eat a biryani in peace.
You guys eat there all the time.
I want to see what all
the hype is about.
See. once all these
problems are behind us.
once you get the gold back.
and you're healthy again.
you're going to that shop
to have that biryani.
And I'll be there to watch you.
I have no hope of ever getting
the gold back from this court.
When the gold was lost.
didn't you feel hopeless?
It was the police
who found it. right?
The same way. you'll get it
back through the court too.
Yeah. right!
The police didn't do squat!
I'm sorry…
I apologise for him hitting you.
My daughter's life
depends on that gold!
Without it...
she can't have her surgery.
I know none of you took it.
But if by any chance
you do have it...
Please!
Please. give it back.
Give it back…
for my daughter's sake.
We did it. sir!
The gold is at my aunt's place.
Please take it and give it
to him right away.
He said it's for a surgery!
Hey! You've already said that.
Why do you keep going on about it?
Go sit back down!
I'm sure of it!
Those boys must have returned
the gold themselves.
The compassion those boys had…
Not the police… not the court…
Not even the people here have it.
What kind of a place is this?
Disgusting!
What's your prayer?
My client's gold ornaments were
stolen on the 2nd of February.
The police recovered them on the 6th
and produced it before this court.
Today marks four months
since it was produced.
Yet. to this day... that gold...
My client has been unable
to get it back from this court.
The police missed four hearings
and the appraiser didn't turn up for one.
Two hearings were lost to strikes.
followed by a month-long court vacation.
And finally... for the next hearing.
… didn't turn up.
Everyone is present today.
At least today. my client…
Should get his gold back.
That's my prayer.
This is no prayer. This is an accusation
against me and this court!
This is neither an accusation
nor an allegation!
-Just facts!
-Hey!
Can't you get any of this fixed?
-I'm checking. sir!
-Enough of this yapping!
Go and see what's wrong!
They are checking. sir!
What did you say? Fact?
Do you know what the fact is?
The fact is. you clearly don't
know this court's procedure!
Does this gold
actually belong to them?
Is it original?
Have they produced the bill?
Or is this gold linked
to any other criminal case?
Have they got
the customs clearance certificate?
Where are all these records?
Without all this. can it be returned
just because you ask?
Didn't they teach you any of this
back in Madurai court?
Fine. let's put that aside.
That is just procedure.
But this court also has
its own etiquette.
If you knew that. you'd have advised
your client before bringing her here.
Is this any way to dress
for a court?
Hey. girl! Where's the arm?
The arm!
The sleeve!
Where is the sleeve?
A court has its own decorum!
Coming here in such skimpy clothes.
wearing these flashy colours...
I will not entertain
these things in my court.
Everyone says this court
is full of problems.
-But you don't see any of that.
-Dear!
All you can see
is my dress. isn't it?
Then the problem isn't my clothes...
it's your perspective.
Dear...
For appearing before this court
in improper attire.
for contempt of court.
and for setting an improper example.
she is hereby sentenced
to one full day of imprisonment.
This shouldn't have happened!
It's because of me that you...
I only asked a fair question.
didn't I?
They behave like this only because
no one ever questions them!
Binu!
Binu!!
My child! Binu!
My child!
Binu!
Move aside!
Binu! My dear!
Binu!
There is severe internal bleeding.
The liver is almost 90% damaged.
She could slip into a coma
at any moment.
We must proceed with the
transplant immediately.
I don't care how... just send me
some money. somehow!
She is in a critical state.
I know you helped before. but
who else can I turn to but you?
I need that money right now.
You're gambling with my child's life!
Remember that!
Hey! Hello?
Hello?
I've paid whatever I had
to get the procedure started.
But for the surgery to happen.
we absolutely need that gold.
During an emergency like this.
we can go to the Magistrate's house
at any hour to get an order.
Shall we try that?
Look at those politicians.
They rush here in the middle of the night
to get orders...
just to convene a general body
or shut down some committee.
As if those are actual emergencies!
Madam! Madam!
Where do you think you're going?
It's about a case
His Honour is already hearing.
It's urgent.
The girl is in the ICU.
So. we just need to see him.
get the order. and leave.
Madam. you know this. right?
-You can't see him at this hour.
-Will he see only them?
Sir. that's different...
this is different.
Please... we only need two minutes.
We'll see him
and leave immediately.
Madam. please understand.
This will cause trouble for me.
Please leave now.
-Hey Satti. what is the commotion?
-Sir?
My Lord!
It's regarding that
Return of Property case. My Lord.
The girl is in the ICU.
Her condition is critical.
The surgery can only happen
if we get the gold.
We've even brought the Customs report
that you asked for.
Kindly pass the order.
Hey. do you just let
anyone walk in like this?
Whatever it is. tell them
to come to court in the morning.
Please! Please. My Lord!
Please help...
Two minutes.
If you aren't gone by then.
I'll have you arrested
for trespassing.
Don't vent your grudge against me
on that innocent girl.
-Two minutes!
-My Lord! My Lord! Please!
Madam! Please leave!
He'll literally set a two-minute timer
and come back to check.
Please go. Madam.
I hope you won't take this
the wrong way...
Why are you begging
these people for help?
You have the power to do
whatever you want. don't you?
Sir. all the reports
have been submitted.
As instructed. I have
produced the DA report
confirming that this gold
has no link to Customs.
I request the court to return
the gold to my client immediately.
That's all!
"That's all?"
What do you mean. "That's all?"
Who do you think you're talking to?
Some Madasamy or Kuppusamy
walking on the street?
I've been watching you
since you walked in here.
Not once have you addressed
this court with proper respect!
And you just say "That's all?"
There are specific terms used
to address a judge with respect.
My Lord! Lordship!
Your Honour!
You haven't used even one of them!
So you've come here with a plan
to insult this court. haven't you?
Sir! Sir!
-It's not like that. sir.
-Did I ask you?
Speak only when you're spoken to.
Do you understand?
For insulting the court.
you will first apologise. Then you
may take your client's gold and leave.
You must address this court
with respect and apologise.
What? Should I pass on the case?
Huh?
Don't waste the court's time!
Hey! Call the next case!
I am sorry...
My Lord!
Get everything ready
for the surgery. I'll be there soon.
I am on my way to the hospital.
What?
Okay!
Oh!
♪ Why did she go away? ♪
♪ Where did she depart
without a word to say? ♪
♪ Why did she fade
into the shadows away? ♪
What's up. Chetta?
Looks like you won the case. huh?
See if you can do
something for us too...
You'll do the needful. right?
Shall I do the "needful" to you?
I won.
I won the case.
Here!
Take your fee!
Go!
I won!
♪ Oh. my little princess ♪
♪ I failed you… I confess ♪
♪ I gave you hope.
then let it stray ♪
I won the case!
But my daughter is gone!
♪ Oh. my little princess ♪
♪ I failed you… I confess ♪
♪ I gave you hope.
then let it stray ♪
♪ My princess.
why did you go away? ♪
My daughter is gone.
you bloody scavenger!
My daughter is gone!
She is dead!
My daughter Binu is dead!
What is it. sir?
Are you here looking for a lawyer?
Run! Save yourself
and get out of here!
Advocate... do you want some biryani?
Do you want a smoke?
Don't you need to eat?
Here's your fee! Take it!
-Take it!
-Sir!
Sir!
Lawyer sir!
Why did you get
this gold back for me. sir?
My child is dead. sir!
My daughter is dead!
She's gone. sir...
What do I even need this for now?
You keep it. sir.
Just keep it for yourself.
I don't know how to use
Google Pay. sir.
I don't even know how
to use Google Pay...
♪ I failed you… I confess ♪
♪ I gave you hope.
then let it stray ♪
♪ My princess.
why did you go away? ♪
♪ Karuppu is my favourite colour ♪
You worked so hard
to get his gold back...
and he walks away
after grabbing Your collar!
That's why You shouldn't
do good for people like this!
Still... it's a pity. isn't it?
His only daughter...
such a young girl.
I would've made them
run in circles. sure...
but I wouldn't have let her die.
Why are You glaring at me?
You came to His Lordship's
house last night. right?
If You had done the needful.
he'd have passed the order
without holding a grudge.
Good Heavens! I was actually
shaking with fear...
thinking I was going up
against God Himself.
But my court didn't let me
down. did it?
It's exactly what
I said that day.
This court has its own procedure.
Even if God Himself shows up.
nothing changes.
My dear brother.
the challenge is over.
Shut the shrine and clear out.
This death...
it isn't on me.
It's on You.
Remember when You said
"God things"?
Well. this...
is "Just court things!"
Bro!
Please… just leave me alone.
I didn't know you were part of
Baby Kannan's team when I came to you.
I've already given you
all the money you asked for.
I have nothing left to give.
Please. just give me my evidence...
and my case files.
I'll find another lawyer.
Please.
I'll give you one last chance.
You heard this once.
I'll say it again.
Three-quarters of the people
here are lawyers.
If even one of them dares
to touch that file. I'll drop your case.
Otherwise. you'll just have
to withdraw it.
-Sir. please take up my case. sir.
-Don't drag me into trouble. Go. dear.
Sir. please help me.
Please. sir.
Sister...
Please. at least you can help me.
Sister!
Did you lose as a God?
No... you lost as a human.
And humans losing here
is nothing new.
Every single day.
thousands of people lose in this court.
Then I shall be
the last human to lose here.
From this day forward. no one seeking
justice in this court shall ever lose.
I won't let them lose.
Not on my watch.
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ With steely defiance ♪
♪ He counts every bone.
no mercy. no compliance ♪
♪ Behold the God of Death
before you ♪
♪ Look. Death himself stands
in your view ♪
♪ At a single stare ♪
♪ You shatter and scatter
silently in the air ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in its cause ♪
♪ Don't you dare stick your head
in the lion's jaws ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ Even the Devil bowed and fled.
His arrogance torn and ripped to shreds ♪
♪ For He is the Ancient Ancestor.
The eternal. watchful protector ♪
♪ When this wild guardian strikes a blow.
It's your last goodbye. end of the show ♪
♪ Bullets splinter and spray.
The Hunter's roar leads the way ♪
♪ Hear Him and you'll scream and sway.
See Him. death joins the fray ♪
♪ Petty and small.
That's all you are. hey! ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ With steely defiance ♪
♪ He counts every bone.
no mercy. no compliance ♪
♪ Behold the God of Death
before you ♪
♪ Look. Death himself stands
in your view ♪
♪ At a single stare ♪
♪ You shatter and scatter
silently in the air ♪
♪ Even the Devil bowed and fled.
His arrogance torn and ripped to shreds ♪
♪ For He is the Ancient Ancestor.
The eternal. watchful protector ♪
♪ When this wild guardian strikes a blow.
It's your last goodbye. end of the show ♪
♪ Bullets splinter and spray.
The Hunter's roar leads the way ♪
♪ Hear Him and you'll scream and sway.
See Him. death joins the fray ♪
♪ Petty and small.
That's all you are. hey! ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ Lord Karuppan arrives.
don't block his path ♪
Our archaic court must transform into a
high-tech hub like a Google or Apple office.
As for lawyers who lie for a living...
their mouths should be twisted and broken.
Every pending case must be settled.
erased as if they never even existed.
I asked You for so many boons…
But You didn't grant a single one.
And now You hand me this
bandana-wrapped case file.
No one was willing to touch
my case all this time.
Then suddenly. a stranger
comes forward to help me.
And now you're saying
you'll appear for me.
I don't understand
what's going on.
Just God things!
Alright. tell me about your case.
When V.M. Pandian was the Law Minister.
I served as his personal secretary.
Many times. in his presence…
I've felt deeply uncomfortable.
I kept telling myself
I was just overthinking it...
suspecting a man my father's age
for no reason.
But one day…
When we went to Delhi for work…
I didn't know what to do.
I finally gathered the courage
to go to the police station.
Not only did they refuse
to take my complaint...
they threatened me and forced
me to return to work for him.
It was only after his party
lost the election...
that I could finally
see a lawyer and file the case.
Just my luck. I ended up with
a lawyer from their own team.
They tried every trick in the book...
to force me to withdraw the case.
Since these people are dangerous.
no one is willing to take my case.
You're saying you will…
are you sure you're okay with it?
If I can get justice for
even one person like you.
it will give so many other women
the courage to come forward.
Trust me.
Have faith.
Let's fight this.
CC 2810
V.M. Pandian
Long live our leader!
Silence.
Stay quiet.
Otherwise. I'll send you out.
What's your prayer. Preethi?
My Lord. while Mr. V.M. Pandian
was serving as Law Minister.
he behaved inappropriately
with my client. Kanmani.
and threatened her with dire
consequences if she spoke out.
Under BNS Section 75
for the offence of sexual harassment...
and BNS Section 308. Sub-section
for blackmailing my client.
I request that the accused.
Mr. V.M. Pandian. be formally charged.
That's all. My Lord!
Baby Kannan. any questions?
My Lord...
Several questions arise in this case.
And once those questions
are answered.
it will be clear that this case
is nothing but a publicity stunt.
-With your permission.
-Proceed.
Thank you. My Lord!
Miss Kanmani.
When do you claim
this incident took place?
November 15. 2018.
And when did you
file the complaint?
A year ago.
Not "a year ago."
Five years after
the alleged incident.
-But he threatened me...
-Hello. hello!
Answer only what you're asked.
During those five years.
did you have an accident?
No!
Any injuries
to the back of your head?
No!
Or like in the movie Ghajini. do you
suffer from any kind of memory loss?
Objection. My Lord!
Why? Let him finish
asking his questions.
Overruled.
Thank you. My Lord.
So. it took you five years to realise
that what happened was a crime?
Point may be noted. My Lord!
Now. as per your complaint.
where did this incident take place?
At his residence in Delhi.
-On which floor?
-The second floor.
My Lord. my client suffers from arthritis
and has had surgeries on both knees.
So. he cannot climb stairs.
and he's advised not to.
How could he have done this on the second
floor of a house with no elevator?
I have already produced the supporting
medical certificate. My Lord.
My Lord. I seek your permission
to play an audio file.
-Proceed.
-Play it.
-Sir. this is Kanmani speaking.
-Tell me. dear.
I haven't been able
to sleep all night.
I can't stop thinking about you.
Can we get on a video call?
Is the voice in this audio yours?
I never made such a call. sir.
Hello! Answer only the question asked.
Whose voice is this?
It's my voice.
-But this call...
-Point may be noted. My Lord!
We have heard enough
falsehoods in this case.
Now I will tell you the truth
of what really happened.
Only the truth!
Yes. My Lord.
After remaining silent for five years.
why has she suddenly come
forward and filed this case. My Lord?
Because my client was a Minister
in power... it was out of pure FEAR!
Did I say fear?
Did I just say fear?
Sorry. My Lord!
Correct... Mis...
That wasn't a slip of the tongue…
That was the TRUTH!
My Lord! Everything's okay.
Okay. okay!
I'm ready now!
Ready!
After having said nothing all these years.
if she's suddenly filing a case like this…
Was this case filed for publicity?
NO. My Lord!
No… this case… was filed…
for publicity… NOT AT ALL!
As for those lawyers who live off lies...
From now on. they should stammer
the moment they try to lie in court...
and fail miserably!!
Inside the court...
the lawyer is unable to lie.
-Baby Kannan. are you okay?
-No. My Lord!
-Shall we adjourn for another date?
-Yes. My Lord!
I don't know what's wrong. My Lord.
My tongue keeps slipping!
-This case is posted to 13th of next...
-No. no. no. My Lord!
Shall we proceed now?
Yes!
YES! YES!
One minute.
Let me test my speech.
Baby Kannan!
-WHAT?
-Water!
Water! Water!
What... What...!
Please. have some water.
My Lord!
I need to ask a few questions
to Mr. V.M. Pandian.
Proceed.
Mr. V.M. Pandian.
do you suffer from arthritis?
I do.
Baby!!!
He doesn't!
I do!
-He doesn't!
-I do!
NO! NO!
Hey. didn't we just submit
the medical certificate?
I forged that medical certificate.
My Lord! Don't you know that?
He's climbed up to your second-floor
chamber to meet you so many times!
Wait... I'll prove it right now!
He's never had knee surgery.
There won't even be a scar. My Lord!
Look! Look at this!
See. no scar!
If he has arthritis. he can't climb
stairs at home or here in court.
He's cheating. My Lord!
Oh my god! Oh boy!
Silence!
I'd like to move on to the next piece
of evidence. the audio tape.
What? What about it?
Kanmani admitted
it was her voice. right?
So. did he really
sing this song. My Lord?
With today's AI technology. anyone's voice
can be replicated by anyone.
So. I had their IT department
manufacture this voice on my orders!
Are you saying your
own evidence is fake?
Yes. My Lord.
Fake. illegal. bogus. fabricated.
As per the rules.
you should have demanded
a Section 63 BSA certificate
for digital evidence.
I should have given it.
But you didn't ask. and I didn't give it.
Point may be...
noted. My Lord!
Baby Kannan! You are
making a mockery of this court.
-Do you realise who you're talking to?
-Yes. My Lord.
Back when he was the Kumbakonam MLA.
you were his personal lawyer...
and it was only
through his recommendation
that you're sitting in that chair
as the Chief Judge!
That's exactly who
I'm talking to. My Lord.
Baby Kannan. I'll take contempt action.
Remove him from the court.
Police!
You have no idea
what you are about to face.
But I can't control my mouth!
Throw him out!
This is terrifying!
None of these are lies.
Let go of me!
I know what you'll do to me. My Lord.
But you can't touch me...
I'll finish you!
I have the call recordings!
I'll send them straight to Vigilance!
I've got you by the throat. My Lord!
Hey! Is this some kind of act?
You were lying so well till now.
Give me one more chance. sir.
This has never happened before...
I don't understand what's going on!
♪ This is God mode ♪
Does the Judge have
any ties to VM Pandian?
When will the call recordings
be made public?
♪ This is God mode ♪
Acting as if you're some Harishchandra
who never tells a lie!
You back stabbed me
by telling the truth!
Are you Ajith Kumar
to be back stabbed like that?
Was I the only one blabbering?
Just look around!
Are you accusing me
of not knowing how to lie?
I simply couldn't lie.
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
When you arrive. the earth beams calmly ♪
Come. and soothe this heart within me ♪
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
When you arrive. the earth smiles calmly ♪
Come. and scorch our doubts completely ♪
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
Our Lord Karuppu Saamy ♪
♪ Come. soothe my heart ♪
My dear brother!
Seems like your tongue
slipped quite a bit in there?
I heard you even exposed the Judge?
Anyway. forget that. If you go to his
house tonight and do the needful...
Wait... you'd be walking
straight into your own funeral.
He's in a murderous rage!
He'll finish you off!
What was that you said?
"Even if God shows up.
court procedures can't be changed?"
Well… God just showed up.
This is my territory.
My court!
From now on. nobody will make a move
here without dealing with me first.
Walk away while you still can.
Baby.
Daddy's home!
♪ Shall we blast a thousand crackers fast?
Shall we pile cigars in heaps so vast? ♪
♪ Goat meat. anchovies. and king fish. Shall
we stack them high for Him to relish? ♪
♪ Shall we blast a thousand crackers fast?
Shall we pile cigars in heaps so vast? ♪
♪ Shall we strike the drum. raise the beat?
Cleanse the whole town. street by street? ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
♪ Even Rahu and Ketu
won't dare show a wrong cue ♪
♪ You petty lot. clear the path. don't delay.
Once I set my aim. back off right away ♪
♪ The blow sounds first.
The lion comes next ♪
♪ Shall I knock your teeth out. crack that
grin. And teach you a lesson deep within? ♪
♪ No more talk in my turf. silence is key.
My eyes alone will act. just wait and see ♪
♪ Shall I carve you up. nice and neat.
And salt you down like dried-up meat? ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
♪ Even Rahu and Ketu
won't dare show a wrong cue ♪
♪ You petty lot. clear the path. don't delay.
Once I set my aim. back off right away ♪
♪ Ward off the evil eye. my dear.
Lest jealous eyes draw near ♪
♪ Piece by piece. shall I cut them down.
In a hundred ways through all the town? ♪
♪ Blow by blow. shall I bring them down.
In divine frenzy. without a sound? ♪
♪ Those who oppose me I'll grind and erase.
Wear them like sandal paste upon my face ♪
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
When you arrive. the earth beams calmly ♪
Come. and soothe this heart within me ♪
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
When you arrive. the earth smiles calmly ♪
Come. and scorch our doubts completely ♪
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
Our Lord Karuppu Saamy ♪
♪ Come. soothe my heart.
Come. burn all doubt apart ♪
♪ Our Lord Karuppu Saamy.
Our Lord Karuppu Saamy ♪
♪ Come to clash. you won't last.
Your bones ground fine to powder so fast ♪
♪ Don't come near. don't get too close.
You'll be crushed. that's how it goes ♪
♪ If you cross the limit
and get on my nerves ♪
♪ I'll chew betel at your funeral
by next week. mark my words ♪
♪ War field! Play field! ♪
♪ Come to my field.
where fates are sealed! ♪
♪ One or two moves.
you're crushed and reeled! ♪
♪ War zone! Kill zone! ♪
♪ Step into war.
this is your zone! ♪
♪ Hit after hit.
you're overthrown! ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
♪ Even Rahu and Ketu
won't dare show a wrong cue ♪
♪ You petty lot. clear the path. don't delay.
Once I set my aim. back off right away ♪
♪ Even Rahu and Ketu
won't dare show a wrong cue ♪
♪ You petty lot. clear the path. don't delay.
Once I set my aim. back off right away ♪
♪ Shall we blast a thousand crackers fast?
Shall we pile cigars in heaps so vast? ♪
♪ Goat meat. anchovies. and king fish. Shall
we stack them high for Him to relish? ♪
♪ Shall we blast a thousand crackers fast?
Shall we pile cigars in heaps so vast? ♪
♪ Shall we strike the drum. raise the beat?
Cleanse the whole town. street by street? ♪
♪ My dear ones. my darlings.
Come now. come swarming ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
♪ Even Rahu and Ketu
won't dare show a wrong cue ♪
♪ You petty lot. clear the path. don't delay.
Once I set my aim. back off right away ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
♪ Even Rahu and Ketu
won't dare show a wrong cue ♪
♪ You petty lot. clear the path. don't delay.
Once I set my aim. back off right away ♪
Your courtroom drama
has already reached his office
and home in the form of raids.
He won't meet you. sir.
He's in a murderous rage against you.
They've dragged V.M. Pandian
into the investigation as well.
They're out for blood...
planning something serious.
Go off the radar
for ten to fifteen days.
And don't tell anyone
I told you this.
Wow!
You're looking very dapper. God!
Incredibly sharp!
A college student made this offering.
hoping to pass his exams.
Nice!
The chocolate coffee here is
really famous. You'll love it!
Just as I requested.
the first mission is done.
No one in court is lying anymore.
So what's next?
Didn't you say there are tons
of cases dragging on?
How many are pending?
Oh!
That's next?
There are 27.000 pending cases.
At this rate. it would take
150 years to resolve them all.
Even if you use your powers
to clear the backlog.
new cases will just keep piling up.
Even as we speak.
ten new cases
have probably been filed.
It's like trying to clear trash
while people keep dumping more.
What are you going to do?
Anna. I'm leaving.
Bye. Akka!
Bye. sweetie!
Sir. the shop is closed.
Chocolate coffee!
Sir. the sign is up.
We're closed for the day.
Chocolate coffee!
Look at this. Anna!
He is refusing to leave.
I am leaving. Anna!
Hey!
Look at this. Anna!
Hey. let go of my hand!
Hey. my hand!
Is that a gun?
He has a gun. Anna!
Chocolate coffee!
Hey. take your hand off.
Hey. let go!
-Chocolate coffee!
-Anna!
Anna! Anna!
Sister. I'm sorry.
These lenses are giving me
a splitting headache!
It's fine if you
don't have chocolate coffee.
At least get me
some filter coffee.
Anna!
Were you begging this
much just for filter coffee?
Yes!
Wait. brother. I'll get you
a special "LEO" coffee.
You are very kind. sister.
-Make it extra strong. dear.
-Anna. one strong LEO coffee!
What just happened?
I don't get it.
That guy would've misbehaved
with that girl...
and four or five of his friends
would've joined in too.
Then my friend.
the coffee shop owner.
would've killed them all and
added another case to the list.
♪ Leo ♪
♪ Badass ♪
♪ Mr. Leo Das is a badass ♪
♪ Leo ♪
He never committed the murders.
Which means... that case
won't ever be filed now. will it?
A case is filed only when
a crime is committed.
From this moment on. no crime
will happen in my territory.
So. no new cases will ever arise.
Oh. wow!
You're asking for an important file.
but you haven't responded
to any of my messages.
Where is your house in Chennai. dear?
Sir!
Stop it. sir.
We've brought biryani. sir.
Biryani?
-Yes. sir.
-Why didn't you say that earlier?
-How many pieces of meat?
-Three pieces.
Show me!
Sir!
Place all the children's
clothes over there.
-Place all the adults' clothes here.
-Okay. Anna.
Hey!
-No. Anna. Please spare me.
-You!!
Spare me. Anna!
Anna!
Have some tender
coconut water. Anna!
Natural water.
Full of potassium.
Drink it. Anna!
♪ Ten rupees extra per bottle ♪
Brother!
You've paid ten rupees
extra for the bottle.
Please take it back.
-Ten rupees?
-Here's the bill.
What?
A bill?
The entire Seven Wells territory
is completely sealed.
Theft. murder. mugging. pickpocketing.
forgery. corruption…
Not one of these crimes
is happening anymore.
Across all 17 police stations here.
not a single case is being filed anywhere!
What's going on. Kumaran sir?
Not a single case registered all week?
A case can only be registered
if a new crime is committed.
Nothing's happening.
What is this?
The FLAMES game?
I wanted to live as an Inspector.
Didn't work out.
Now I'm trying to live
with an Inspector.
Good idea. right?
My hand literally flinches
whenever I try to take a bribe.
Do something wrong.
and the punishment is instant!
Hey. what are you doing?
There have been
no new cases lately. right?
So they've started digging up all the
cold cases and fast-tracking them!
Lord Karuppan has taken over the court.
Commit a crime. and you're dead meat!
Ganesh sir? What are you
doing here eating curd rice?
Don't you usually only
dine at five-star hotels?
I'll throw this right in your face!
Get lost!
Hats off. sir.
Nice meeting you.
Lord Karuppa!
I am your child too. aren't I?
I just told a lie without
even realising it!
If I ever lie again...
burn my tongue.
I won't do anything
wrong anymore. Karuppa!
I won't take another bribe!
I'll never misbehave
with a girl again!
Oh God!
Forgive me.
This feels like magic!
Four thousand cases were
wrapped up in just ten days!
Since there are
no new cases coming in...
they've started clearing
every single old pending case.
All the wrongdoers
are absolutely terrified.
This is legendary!
All this is for my beloved fans out there!
Lord Karuppa!
Not a single case
is reaching the court.
But look at how crowded
the temple is.
A temple right in the middle
of the court compound...
It's a bit of a nuisance. isn't it?
Brother. we're all here
with the bulldozer.
The police have arrived. too.
I'll call you once it's over.
Okay.
Hey. who's that?
Lying there beneath Lord Karuppu
like he owns the place.
Hey. that's that
lawyer from Madurai.
Give him a beating
and chase him off!
-Hey! Hey! Hey!
-Huh?
What on earth is this?
Suddenly. this place looks
like Bangkok's Walking Street!
Hey. chase him away!
♪ He's the one who smashed
your army down ♪
♪ He broke your teeth
and ground you down ♪
♪ The one who winked
as fire raged around ♪
Lord Karuppa!
Forgive me. Lord Karuppa!
I think Karuppu has possessed
him to attack us!
He isn't possessed by Karuppu.
Karuppu himself is delivering the blows!
Blast!
♪ Karuppa ♪
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
♪ Look at the strike.
No force alike ♪
♪ The one who mocked.
Had every tooth knocked ♪
♪ The crushing smash.
The rhythmic clash ♪
♪ The fierce attack.
The bones that crack ♪
♪ The death strike.
The sudden spike ♪
♪ The one who dared to glare at me.
Never opened his eyes again. for eternity ♪
Huh?
Where did they disappear?
♪ He is the King
of the Night ♪
♪ The God of Death
who dances as you scream in fright ♪
♪ He stands as the Guardian.
always there ♪
♪ He'll shatter your joints.
touch him if you dare ♪
♪ He's the one who smashed
your army down ♪
♪ He broke your teeth
and ground you down ♪
♪ The one who winked
as fire raged around ♪
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
♪ Look at the strike.
No force alike ♪
♪ The one who mocked.
Had every tooth knocked ♪
♪ The crushing smash.
The rhythmic clash ♪
♪ The fierce attack.
The bones that crack ♪
♪ The death strike.
The sudden spike ♪
♪ The one who dared to glare at me.
Never opened his eyes again. for eternity ♪
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
Hello. what happened?
Should I head over?
I've got three tickets for
"Mookuthi Amman." Coming?
-Brother. have you finished him?
-I've finished off your brother instead.
I thought you were smarter than this.
If you tear down my temple.
how am I to disappear?
If you flip the mirror.
how's the auto going to run. Baby?
Hey!
Okay. Hands off the phone while driving.
Someone might crash into you.
Hello! Hello!
Hello!
Baby sir. I heard you ratted out
the Judge in open court?
That's why he has asked us
to finish you off!
Can't help it.
He's the judge… he gives the judgement!
He has promised to settle
all the cases against us…
So we said okay.
If you cooperate
without getting angry.
we'll make it quick and painless.
Finish him.
Only if we kill this guy
will all our cases disappear.
Hey. don't do this!
Wait. don't!
Please. don't!
Good heavens! Our Lord!
What's happened to you?
Sir. how on earth
did you get hurt like this?
-Can't you be more careful?
-You're like a brother to us.
If something happens to you.
what will we do?
Quick. we have to get him to a hospital.
Lift him up. gently!
We aren't a team of four!
With you. we're a team of five!
Easy!
-Heave!
-Come on. brother!
-What are you guys doing?
-Don't you worry. sir. We've got you.
Come on. let's go to the hospital.
Hospital? Why are you
constantly switching sides?
What's wrong with you people?
I don't understand! Let me go!
Why the hell are
you carrying him?
Drop him! Kill him now!
I'll finish him myself!
You're like a younger brother to me.
Brother. my foot!
-You said we're a team of five!
-To hell with that!
-I'm your brother Baby Kannan!
-Shut your mouth. you loser!
Hey. let me go!
Don't let him escape!
I got you that factory
from the old couple. didn't I? Let me go!
And this is for that!
Hey. catch him! Catch him!
Catch!
Hack him to pieces and
make sure he's never found!
Oh no!
What happened. sir?
How did you get hurt so badly?
My God! What happened?
Sir. how on earth
did you get hurt like this?
Can't you be more careful?
You are like an
elder brother to us. sir!
If something were to happen to you.
who would we have left?
You are bleeding. Come. let's go
to the hospital immediately.
What are you thinking?
Come. sir.
This is my territory.
My court!
From now on. nobody will make a move
here without dealing with me first.
Please. sir.
let's get you to the hospital.
I'm not stopping
until you're in the morgue!
-What happened to your face?
-You sent them to kill me. didn't you?
And what are they doing?
Sir. you're bleeding
all over the place!
I'll hack you to pieces and
make sure you're never found!
Do you still think
I'm making all this up?
Come. Your Lordship.
Let me show you for yourself.
Countless problems have plagued
this court for years.
You never showed up then…
so why appear now?
Who said I never appeared?
You've only noticed me this time
because I chose to stand before you.
Every single day. so much injustice
unfolds right before your eyes.
It unfolds before yours. too.
And what have you done?
Mankind doesn't even
bother to help one another.
Yet. you dare complain
that God doesn't come to your rescue.
Sorry… I shouldn't have asked.
Hey hello! I already
said sorry. didn't I?
-Why are you doing this?
-It's not me.
Behind us!
Go on! Step on it!
Did you bring me all
this way just to show her?
Wait for some time. My Lord!
What is this. a security escort?
Get in front of her.
Hey. catch her!
Wait a minute!
Hit the brakes!
Hey. bring it on!
Why should I be afraid?
You're the ones
who should be trembling.
What do you think you're doing?
You know who's with me.
don't you?
Whoever it is.
tell him to step up!
Hey. this isn't our territory.
So what if this is just 'temporary'?
You're still here. aren't you?
-Come on! Do your worst!
-She's got a big mouth.
Bring it on!
I'm telling you.
this isn't my territory!
I have no powers out here!
That was a close shave!
Sir.
One minute!
What did you just say?
This is not part of my territory.
-What do you mean?
-Just reverse the car!
For every territory.
there will be a Guardian Deity.
Look! Can you see that arch?
That's our territory.
Go! Don't let them get away!
Sharp left! Now!
Is she an advocate
or actor Ajith Kumar?
Look at the way she's driving!
We're almost back in our territory!
Look. there's the arch!
Send the vehicle in!
Oh no! What do we do now?
Damn it! Run her over!
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ With steely defiance ♪
Wreck them. Saamy!
♪ Behold the God of Death
before you ♪
♪ Look. Death himself stands
in your view ♪
♪ At a single stare ♪
♪ You shatter and scatter
silently in the air ♪
♪ Even the Devil bowed and fled.
His arrogance torn and ripped to shreds ♪
♪ For He is the Ancient Ancestor.
The eternal. watchful protector ♪
♪ When this wild guardian strikes a blow.
It's your last goodbye. end of the show ♪
♪ Bullets splinter and spray.
The Hunter's roar leads the way ♪
♪ Hear Him and you'll scream and sway.
See Him. death joins the fray ♪
♪ Petty and small.
That's all you are. hey! ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
♪ Don't you dare stick your head
in the lion's jaws ♪
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ With fireworks raging.
burning in wrath ♪
I'm leaving.
I'm applying for a transfer
to another court.
You should leave too.
It's for the best.
My Lord. hear me out!
I have an idea.
Do you even have a brain?
Do you think I'm actor Karan
from those old devotional films?
Or Nizhalgal Ravi. to fight God
even after knowing who He is?
Oh no! Oh God!
God! God!
Forgive me. God!
I pointed the gun by mistake!
It's my own weapon!
-I have a license. I won't do it again...
-My Lord!
We're outside His territory now.
He has no power here.
Right? Now come on.
let's get to another court!
Staying alive is all
that matters. my dear!
If it were some Western God.
we could at least plead for mercy!
But this is Lord Karuppu!
Karuppanna Saamy!
He'll hack us to pieces
and grind our bones to dust!
Even after seeing that
God himself is here in the flesh...
you're still babbling
like a complete madman!
He appeared before me
six months ago.
Did I run away from the court?
Baby Kannan!
B...
Baby! That's it!
Convert!
Converted. right?
You are a convert. right?
That's why you have no fear...
no devotion in your soul!
What are you blabbering. My Lord!
Just listen to me for one minute!
God has power only
within his territory.
What if we move the court
beyond those limits?
Bravo! Shall we move it
during our lunch break then?
Psycho! Psycho! Psycho!
The roof above my chamber
could cave in at any moment!
I asked to fix it six months ago.
Nothing happened.
And you want to move
the entire court!
Stay here and rot for all I care!
Go and beg if you must.
I'm done with this!
I'm out of here!
Your Lordship!
Could you do me one small favour
before you go?
Perhaps no wrong
will happen in court now…
But accidents…
they are inevitable.
Such is the state of our court.
It's a 150-year-old court.
It could crumble at any moment.
It could explode at any moment.
We needn't lift a finger.
It will happen
of its own accord.
"Isn't one hand enough. Sivagami?"
Sir!
Sir! Sir!
"What. you'll fix it only if it
falls on my head?"
Lordship!
Could you do me one small favour
before you go?
This is my domain!
My court!
If I leave this place...
where else would I go?
Every court in the land
has ten men just like me!
I can't start from scratch again.
Die. My Lord!
Die! Die! Die!
Make way! Make way! Make way!
Following the death of the Chief Judge
at the Seven Wells Court.
lawyers have launched
a large-scale protest.
We will protest until
this unsafe court is shifted!
We are the guardians of justice.
Yet here we are. forced to protest
for our own safety.
We can no longer function
in this court.
This court must be relocated
to a safe facility immediately.
Until then. our strike will continue.
The Seven Wells court protest has
intensified as it enters its seventh day.
The lawyers have declared that
they will continue the protest
until the government meets their demands.
Well. there was an accident in our court.
and we're protesting.
Why would the whole
town turn up for that?
Do you know what FOMO is?
-What?
-Fear Of Missing Out.
Even if it has
nothing to do with them.
everyone has an opinion
on everything these days.
Since it will be
new 'content' for them.
Just wait and watch.
This place you're seeing here
is Ezhu Kinaru.
In English. it's called Seven Wells.
In Korean. Ilgob-umul.
So guys. the whole town is buzzing
about the Seven Wells court accident.
But no one is talking about
the Burmese noodle shop right next to it!
Amid widespread support
for the lawyers' protest on social media.
opposition parties sparked an uproar
in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
demanding the immediate relocation
of the court.
Consequently. the Seven Wells Court
will be temporarily shifted
to the IT Park in Sriperumbudur.
A formal resolution to this effect
has been passed
by the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
♪ This is our territory. if our fury takes
flight. You will meet your grave tonight ♪
♪ Non-stop blows if caught in our track.
We are built different. watch your back ♪
What happened. Anna?
Thirty years ago…
This was the case document I filed.
This is the only document
that still bears my name. Madam.
And now… even this
is of no use to anyone.
The wind just tossed it in my face…
along with the rest of the trash.
The court has been relocated.
The only place I ever belonged…
And my sole identity…
are both gone.
Trash!
It's nothing but trash!
It's all over.
He relocated the court
just the way he wanted.
You're the one who said everything
here is ancient and needs to change.
Does it really matter who changes it?
If everything becomes new.
that's a good thing. right?
Good for whom?
It's good for Baby Kannan.
He's going to seize control
of the court all over again.
Because the new court lies
well beyond your territory!
Super. Baby sir!
Good morning.
Our court resembles a Google
or Apple office now. doesn't it?
I am Soundara Pandian.
your new C.M.M.
Looking forward
to work with you all.
I'm afraid there isn't time
for individual introductions today.
He's on our side.
Everything's under control.
We have the court's inauguration
this evening. I believe?
We shall catch up then.
Proceed.
CC 2810.
V.M. Pandian
versus Kanmani.
In this case.
the trial has concluded.
Any closing arguments?
Baby Kannan?
My Lord. I have set out all my
important points in the written statement.
The crucial points
are on page five. My Lord!
Your closing argument?
My closing arguments are also
in the written statement. My Lord.
The crucial point is on page six. My Lord.
Upon consideration of the trial
and the closing arguments.
this Court finds that the accused.
Mr. V.M. Pandian.
has misbehaved
with the complainant. Ms. Kanmani.
and the same stands proved
beyond reasonable doubt.
Accordingly. under Section 75 of the BNS.
the accused. V.M. Pandian.
is hereby sentenced to three years
of rigorous imprisonment.
The complainant. Ms. Kanmani.
shall be entitled to compensation of
₹75 lakhs. to be paid by the accused.
Such is the order of this Court.
My Lord. I can provide a few
additional points if required.
-On page seven...
-Wait. Baby Kannan!
The judgement is not over yet.
For attempting to bribe
and influence this Court.
this Court directs the Registrar
and the Vigilance authorities
to initiate appropriate action
against Mr. Baby Kannan.
Furthermore. pending the completion
of the inquiry.
Mr. Baby Kannan shall be
suspended from legal practice.
as per our recommendation
to the Bar Council.
The Court is adjourned.
Hey. have you grown so powerful
that you can outbid me?
How much did you offer him?
Page number six!
How much do you think that is?
Still don't get it?
More important than knowing
the judge who pens the verdict.
is knowing that even above him.
there sits a higher power.
Go outside and see for yourself.
You'll understand.
♪ Don't you dare set foot into my cave.
One wrong step. you'll find your grave ♪
♪ If I take my spear and flay your skin.
You'll need a hot press to soothe within ♪
♪ You'll need a hot press ♪
Hey!!
If you think moving the court
lets you play your old games again…
He will be the end of you.
You'll choke on your own blood
and perish.
Every territory has its own
guardian deity.
And this territory… is His domain!
Karuppan. the Hunter.
punishes only when you do wrong…
But this one…
is far more ruthless than him.
Even a single thought of malice…
And your entire lineage will be
wiped out from its very roots!
In that territory. it was him.
In this territory. it is this One!
This is Karuppan.
the Guardian of this land.
Don't even think
of committing a sin.
They say. if a thumb is slit and
the forehead is marked with blood…
The guilty will spit blood and perish.
-Do they actually spit blood and die?
-Yes.
Oh God!
O Guardian Karuppa!
♪ He's a tiger that roars
like sudden thunder ♪
♪ He's the one who'll tear
your pride asunder ♪
♪ No more talk in my turf. silence is key.
My eyes alone will act. just wait and see ♪
♪ The drums resound
far and wide ♪
♪ Like thunderclaps
that crash and collide ♪
We have no power beyond the border.
What do we do now?
Power has its boundaries…
But fear travels everywhere.
♪ Persist and you'll be ground to bits.
Your bravado fades. you lose your wits ♪
♪ With steely defiance ♪
♪ All your pride will hit the floor ♪
We can no longer make a living
off lies here.
Leave us out of this.
My daughter can live
without her chain…
But I cannot live
without my head. sir.
What now? Are you going
to shift the court again?
Enough. Baby.
It's all over.
Baby!
My brother!
What happened. brother?
I hear your legal career is over?
That motor-mouth of yours…
it was your only asset. wasn't it?
What will you do now?
How about being an RJ
on the radio?
Or do you want to try your hand
at cricket commentary?
But for that. you'd actually
need to know cricket!
I know there's no God in this land...
and no power for him to wield here.
What if the people here
were to find that out?
How long can you run things
using nothing but fear?
You're just a little kid.
a total amateur!
If you've thought of it.
do you think I haven't already?
You're right.
This isn't my territory.
But the nature of this place…
The sheer power it holds…
What they're capable of here…
I only need
to show them a glimpse…
They'll handle the rest themselves.
After that. I don't have
to scare them anymore.
Even if your own father were to intervene.
he couldn't change a thing.
Because honesty is an addiction too.
Once you get a taste for it.
you will start to crave it.
After that…
there's no going back.
Hey. bro…
This is superb. man.
You've pulled this off brilliantly.
I was about to step in
and change everything myself.
But you've done an awesome job!
So the credit for this
doesn't go to me…
It's all yours.
I'm giving you one last chance.
Change your ways.
Or I'll sound the conch
for your final rites right here!
My greetings to everyone gathered here
for the inauguration of our new court.
Even a doctor who saves lives
is only said to be "like" God.
But when people step into the court.
they bow before us and say "My Lord."
revering us as the Divine itself.
Yet. those who put their faith in us
find no swift justice.
They only find harassment.
But today. this institution
has transformed
into the very ideal
of what a court ought to be.
Whether it is through the fear of God…
or the weight of our own conscience…
We must not let this change fade.
It is our duty to protect it.
Hey. Baby! What now…
here to stir up trouble again?
Get out of here!
You think flashing a gun
will scare us?
We've seen all sorts of guns.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Bolt the gate!
Don't let a single soul out!
Lock it down! Now!
Baby Kannan. stop committing
one sin after another
and attracting fresh cases.
Silence!
Don't open your mouth.
I am the judge here.
Hey. Thaniga?
You would rob
the bangles off a corpse…
And now you've
suddenly reformed?
But that mouth of yours…
can it ever stop lying?
Selvi Akka!
A sudden prick of conscience
and you've changed?
Tell me!
Can you drive your vehicle even for a day
without that "Advocate" sticker?
Huh?
Because of Go... God. sir.
Yes!
God!
Point may be noted.
So... you haven't reformed.
None of you have reformed.
It is nothing but fear…
Fear that you'll spit blood
and perish the moment you sin.
But look at me. I'm committing
one sin after another right now!
And yet. no God has shown up.
-I haven't died spitting blood yet.
-Baby!
-Let it go. Baby!
-What?
Don't do this. Baby.
If the police arrive.
this will turn into a criminal case.
CC 2223!
For all these petty sins…
won't God show up? Only the police will?
Then should I keep committing more.
until God finally appears? Shall I?
Hey!
Don't move!
Oh no! My wedding necklace!
Oh no! My chain!
Violence. assault. harassment…
Violation of the Arms Act.
I've done it all now.
The next step… murder.
Where is your God now?
♪ Everybody. listen. listen. listen ♪
♪ Just watch the way
He's gonna swing… alright ♪
Hey!
Who is this making
such a thunderous entrance?
So you're a cop...
Does that make you
some kind of hotshot?
♪ He's Dorai Singam ♪
♪ Just his walk shakes the ground.
And makes the earth itself bow down ♪
♪ Lord Karuppan arrives.
don't block his path ♪
♪ Singam. Singam.
He's Dorai Singam ♪
♪ All five elements in him reside.
Bound together deep inside ♪
Brother. B.K.!
A gun ends up in your hand.
and you'll aim it at just anyone?
Oh my!
Singam!
Re-entry. huh?
But this isn't your territory…
it's mine!
This is my court!
Attack!
I'd been away for just a while…
♪ This is God mode ♪
and you dared
to forget who I am?
♪ This is God mode ♪
♪ This is God Mode ♪
♪ The sound will forever explode ♪
♪ The shores blaze bright. masses unite.
Scream my name in roaring might ♪
Every territory has its own
Lord Karuppu.
And he's the Lord Karuppu
of this territory!
The One who has arrived…
is no mere policeman.
The Guardian!
Guardian Karuppu!
Lord Karuppa!!!
So many Gods… just to bring down
one Baby Kannan in a single court?
There are thousands
of courts out there.
And thousands of Baby Kannans.
How many Gods will descend
for all of them?
You cannot change anything here
by going against us.
Try and change it…
if you dare!
So. you are beyond redemption.
♪ One who stands tall and mighty.
upon the eighteenth step. O Karuppa ♪
♪ Behold. Karuppan arrives ♪
♪ The fierce Karuppan emerges ♪
Lord Karuppa!
♪ Ascending the fourth step.
He'll sever your life-veins away ♪
♪ Ascending the sixth step.
He throws your frame astray ♪
♪ Ascending the eighth step.
He burns the deceiver to ash ♪
♪ Ascending the tenth step.
all sins are washed in a flash ♪
♪ Lightning on lightning.
demons fall ♪
♪ Ascending the eighteenth step.
He guards us all ♪
Lord Karuppa!
♪ He stands. the world and flesh
both scream in fear ♪
♪ With blazing eyes.
in raging wrath He's here ♪
♪ He stands to rip the gut
and tear it clear ♪
♪ He stands to drink the blood
and draw it near ♪
♪ Let every mighty man
stay far from here ♪
♪ None have escaped
Karuppan's burning stare ♪
♪ His punishment alone
is truth severe ♪
♪ Behold. Karuppan arrives ♪
♪ The fierce Karuppan emerges ♪
♪ To slice and slice.
to sever heads ♪
♪ To skin and skin.
to strip to shreds ♪
♪ To crush and crush.
watch terror spread ♪
♪ He comes with a stare
that brings pure dread ♪
♪ The Guardian.
the Furious One ♪
♪ The Hunter with his wild
tongue sprung ♪
♪ He comes dancing. searching.
Running. hunting. ever seeking ♪
♪ If you place your trust
in ancestor Karuppan's name ♪
♪ Karuppan will appear
before you all the same ♪
♪ If you cry you have
no one. all alone ♪
♪ Karuppan will stand
beside you as your own ♪
♪ As the sacred silk
crowns His head ♪
♪ With sandal and power
together spread ♪
♪ His matted locks
dance soaked in red ♪
♪ With rolling eyes
that burn with dread ♪
♪ O Lord Karuppan ♪
♪ To hunt for souls
with sacrifice and drums ♪
♪ The God descends
as the thunder drums ♪
♪ To burn the wicked
and walk through flames ♪
♪ The Lord descends
to end their games ♪
♪ To crush their games
and claim it all ♪
♪ To cast his final judgement.
Karuppan burns them all ♪
♪ Lord Karuppa. manifest thy power ♪
♪ Bestow Thy presence upon us ♪
People come to courts seeking justice.
venerating you as living Gods.
Do not cast them out
to languish at temple gates.
For if you leave them waiting there…
If you leave them waiting there…
♪ Lord Karuppa. manifest thy power ♪
♪ Bestow Thy presence upon us ♪
I have taken up
this case suo mot...
Because this is a case
that concerns all of us.
Did you see him… our "Ghost"?
A haircut and a shave…
and he's a brand-new person.
The maximum punishment
prescribed for a brutal murder…
Is double imprisonment.
28 years.
Yet. a man who came before this Court
to prove he was alive…
Was punished for 30 years. as though
this Court itself were a prison.
Had we seen this man.
who was right before our eyes…
As a human being
rather than a ghost…
He would have received
justice long ago.
Throughout the years
you spent within these walls.
the failure was never yours.
It is we. the judicial community…
who have failed you.
Today. this Court seeks this
opportunity to rectify that failure.
From this moment forth.
you are no longer a 'ghost.'
His name is Shanmugam.
We are sorry. Mr. Shanmugam.
Congratulations. Shanmugam!
Shanmugam. congratulations!
Yes!
Super!
This…
Is our court.
Look into his eyes.
The relief that justice
has finally been served.
That slight glimmer of pride
at having triumphed.
A newfound hope for the future.
The only place that can
grant all these emotions equally.
even to those without wealth.
status. or education…
Is this Court.
What is this place?
What power does it truly hold?
When the world finally grasps
what this place is capable of…
Then. you may find those
who have no faith in God here.
But you will not find a single soul…
who lacks faith in the Court.
Just a minute.
Do you know what I really wish for?
Just once.
with my dad.
I just want to sit there
and eat a biryani in peace.
The shortage of judges. millions of pending
cases. and the need for modernisation...
To address these critical
demands of the judiciary.
the Tamil Nadu Legislative
Assembly convenes today.
You say God appeared in some
court and everything changed!
But will He visit every court?
The work is up to us!
Judges and lawyers have made a request
seeking a solution to all these issues.
As the opposition.
we demand that the government
fulfil their request immediately.
We demand it! We demand it!
Silence! Silence!
Please stop!
All the questions you've raised
will be answered by the Honourable
Law Minister on behalf of the government.
Forgive me!
You shall have your answer from
the pulse that leads the party's march.
the poor man's torch.
Patek Philippe watch.
priceless Scotch.
the permanent Chief Minister
of Tamil Nadu.
Dr. Usilampatti Karuppaiah Gandhi!
Honourable Speaker!
Wondering how I'd save
Tamil Nadu all by myself.
I've had many sleepless nights.
But seeing the opposition's
concern for the people...
I'm inspired to save Tamil Nadu!
From 1958 till date.
the Law Commission has
been formed 8 times!
But no government.
state or central.
has met the judiciary's demands.
It remains "under consideration."
Why?
Because...
From selling gutkha to kidney theft.
protest shootings and lock-up murders.
out of 234 people in this room.
170 are facing criminal charges.
If we give the courts what they want.
we won't be sitting in here.
We'll be behind bars!
We must drown the courts
in mountains of case files.
Keep them gasping for air.
buried under endless problems.
That's how we keep them
from messing with us.
What's more important. the public good
or us remaining in power?
So. about fulfilling
the judiciary's demands.
shall we put the matter to vote.
Honourable Speaker?
Members may express
their views by voting.
The vote is 233 to 1.
Not bad!
Even the opposition
has joined us for a good cause!
But it seems we have
just one saint among us.
Who's that saint?
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
♪ The death strike.
The sudden spike ♪
♪ The one who dared to glare at me.
Never opened his eyes again. for eternity ♪
I am no saint.
I am vile!
Vile beyond measure!
If something benefits the public.
you refuse to do it. huh?
Shall I wreck you
until you fall in line?
♪ He is the King
of the Night ♪
♪ The God of Death
who dances as you scream in fright ♪
♪ He stands as the Guardian.
always there ♪
♪ He'll shatter your joints.
touch him if you dare ♪
♪ He's the one who smashed
your army down ♪
♪ He broke your teeth
and ground you down ♪
♪ The one who winked
as fire raged around ♪
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
♪ Look at the strike.
No force alike ♪
♪ The one who mocked.
Had every tooth knocked ♪
♪ The crushing smash.
The rhythmic clash ♪
♪ The fierce attack.
The bones that crack ♪
♪ The death strike.
The sudden spike ♪
♪ The one who dared to glare at me.
Never opened his eyes again. for eternity ♪
♪ The beat of the drum.
The strike leaves you numb ♪
♪ The midnight raid.
A festival crusade ♪
♪ Behold. Karuppan arrives ♪
♪ The fierce Karuppan emerges ♪
♪ Ascending the fourth step.
He'll sever your life-veins away ♪
♪ Ascending the sixth step.
He throws your frame astray ♪
♪ Ascending the eighth step.
He burns the deceiver to ash ♪
♪ Ascending the tenth step.
all sins are washed in a flash ♪
♪ Lightning on lightning.
demons fall ♪
♪ Ascending the eighteenth step.
He guards us all ♪
Lord Karuppa!
♪ He stands. the world and flesh
both scream in fear ♪
♪ With blazing eyes.
in raging wrath He's here ♪
♪ He stands to rip the gut
and tear it clear ♪
♪ He stands to drink the blood
and draw it near ♪
♪ Let every mighty man
stay far from here ♪
♪ None have escaped
Karuppan's burning stare ♪
♪ His punishment alone
is truth severe ♪
♪ Behold. Karuppan arrives ♪
♪ The fierce Karuppan emerges ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm